deployments: consolidate cluster-agnostic install + multi-provider deploy (#979)
NVIDIA/OSMO: skills/osmo-deploy/SKILL.md

  an OSMO cluster, install KAI scheduler, install the NVIDIA GPU Operator, or
  run the post-install smoke tests. Targets OSMO 6.3 (ConfigMap mode).
license: Apache-2.0
compatibility: >
  Requires kubectl, helm, jq, and the osmo CLI on PATH (the deploy script will
  install osmo from GitHub if missing). Cloud providers also need terraform >=
  1.9 plus az login (Azure) or aws configure (AWS). MicroK8s provider requires
  Ubuntu 22.04 + sudo; --gpu requires NVIDIA driver >= 525.
metadata:
  author: nvidia
  version: "1.0.0"
---

# OSMO Deploy

## When to Use This Skill

Activate when the user asks to install, deploy, set up, stand up, or provision OSMO; when they reference `deploy-osmo-minimal.sh` / `deploy-k8s.sh` / "OSMO helm install"; when they ask to wire up workflow storage (MinIO / Azure Blob / S3); or when they ask to add a GPU pool, install KAI Scheduler, install the NVIDIA GPU Operator, or run post-install smoke tests on an OSMO cluster.

Do **not** activate for general OSMO usage questions (running workflows, CLI usage, troubleshooting a running deployment) — those belong to the `osmo-agent` skill.

> Targets OSMO 6.3 in ConfigMap mode. Earlier 6.2 CLI-write mode is **not** supported by this skill (the chart's HTTP 409 on `osmo config update` is the runtime signal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This skill updates OSMO configs through ConfigMap. The previous flow of using OSMO CLI is not supported anymore (the chart's HTTP 409 on `osmo config update` is the runtime signal).
```

Reviewer: remove the need of mentioning the OSMO versions (applies to a few other places in the skill)
